It is one person pot
There
Thanking you in advance
I was listening
Boo sai mare-
Always Where did you take
Take
There was at Saipan in about a month
Do you have a feeling of cyber ? Hyper has been there for the first time, but there is a really good sky
It is so beautiful that it will be so much blue
p 0 n
I have no big place
The first time to go beneath this alone for now Toka gully Toka Toka anxiety abroad Damn is it width start
I went to various places, but this time I got my first head
People are cold waves
Sky it was selling or rather blue
It's hard to say that it is a meal though
People such as will become thinking
Case 3
There are a lot of mistakes in the last dvd 2 times , but it feels like it is always empty
Trachomatis grew up from various
Since I brewing Toka After that I own some myself become a photographer in Toka Torukee set
I think i can see like
It is in the Nishikawa park
It's a secret, so I guess I've learned it, but I have a problem
There is a gender
Hmm
Well I an quite like it but I took this assignment and the last in this hero impression
I also say that the wolf is murmur
But it was a sea of sewing machine Jippo color because there is little whitish not'm really still sea
It is very beautiful and sandy beach
What
It became the earth
Because it was a beautiful scenic place that took about 2nd place
There is a slogan and so on
Now that you can see the superb view up the mountain of the trial it became a great softening memories
If you are a child
I was pretty tired
There is something
It was probably going to dojo
I was able to see the blue sea from the cliff safely
What is selfish that
There's something not arrived was good before should do Nena'
It is the last wood but I got a little more of the swimsuit scene
Water line scene cancer
There are many cases where I am paying my burden
Because when you open the water of green water or throw it up
I think I feel like it is Murphy vd
Beneath Thank you to the news of one Ehehe
I want you to see the most in such
I because I mon low quality
Can you
Boo Boo Ika here and there
It is-
If you think the first shot Ghan
I became I want you to such a place also have fun because it contains also Toka scene
It was awesome , but it was only late, and people also sold me.
It's also properly down to the video I hope you want to laugh
I 'm not buzzing , I 'm not buzzing this time Is it okay in the f-league this time
I really want to see the bus police department great by all means ã‡ The last image of the mart cup
In the league
Sing not do with you or one person
Do you change to home
Also, such that the end is in the lake up to Dema
Even if referred to in the tv or say something to the trip
I think I should do it for a while
The other soon idling song is to say
8 years
I think I will start sailors that Nakamura entered
It has fallen into a sideways situation about this year now
It was the experience , first issue of model audition
But it has fallen, but it has fallen to the house, but this time September 28 knee
It is amazing softening since it is possible to the runway that and say, Garusa wants to be carried out there
Because there was a position of vivi
Also it led to such a thing since worked hard to prepare written by stomach again staring at my wow
Because really I was happy I thought it good if the future can also Toka such activities
It seems that something is felt the day before that is the 22nd birthday
The company is located in the aspirations and want to shrine office
Really correct but of their own doing activities that say so to really continue to skill up
I realized the main
It is about one half year since it is one year
It is said that I'm going to be the next one, so I'm getting 22 years old
It is a thing that I would like to do my best if it is according to the spirit on a favorite lap